{Rest} az rest: Add examples to --url-parameters (#13868)
Azure/azure-cli: doc/use_cli_effectively.md

        --body '{"web":{"redirectUris":["https://myapp.com"]}}'
```

> When using `--url-parameters`/`--uri-parameters` for requests in the form of OData, please pay attention to handling the escape `$` in different environments: in `Bash`, escape `$` as `\$` and in `PowerShell`, escape `$` as `` `$``

Reviewer: The word `URI` is only used for backward compatibility.

```suggestion
When using `--url-parameters` for requests in the form of OData, please make sure to escape `$` in different environments: in `Bash`, escape `$` as `\$` and in `PowerShell`, escape `$` as `` `$``
```
